I
you
live from Morgan State University in
Baltimore it's the All American
presidential forms on PBS moderated by
Tavis Smiley tonight's forum features
Republican candidates seeking to become
their party's presidential nominee
please tell me in this audience in your
own words why you chose to be here
tonight and what you say to those who
chose not to be here tonight cosmin Paul
well the main reason I'm here is because
I was invited and I'm delighted that I
was invited and I'm very pleased because
I go wherever I'm invited to talk about
freedom that to me is the most important
thing along with the emphasis on the
Constitution I believe so strongly that
individuals have their rights in their
life as a gift from God and the purpose
of government is to protect life and
liberty but I'd also like to extend that
that if you have the fruits of your
labor I would like you to keep the
fruits of your labor as well and under
those conditions and under a freedom
philosophy and under the Constitution we
would be so much more prosperous because
we wouldn't be policing the world we
would be bringing our troops home and we
would take care of our people here at
home
Thank You Connor
if you are elected president in 2008
what positive and significant legacy if
any will you leave for black Americans I
would like to believe that if we have a
freer Society it will take care of
blacks and whites and everybody equally
because we're all individuals and to me
that is so important but if we had equal
justice under the law I think it would
be a big improvement if we had a
probably a repeal of most of the federal
laws on drugs and the unfairness on how
blacks are treated with these drug laws
it would be a tremendous improvement and
also I think that if you're going to
have prosperity it serves everybody and
if this is done by emphasizing property
rights and freedom of the individuals
making sure that the powerful special
interests don't control Washington that
the military-industrial complex doesn't
suck away all the wealth of the country
and then we would have prosperity this
is what we need we need to share it the
free society is the only society that
can provide goods and services and
distribute them in the most fair manner
and that is the society that I would
advocate and argue for and believe it's
available to us thank you sir senator
brownback
in 2006 the unemployment rate of black
high school graduates as high school
graduates was thirty-three percent
higher than the unemployment rate for
white high school dropouts what do you
think accounts for that inequity Walter
Williams a very astute free market
economists has studied this extensively
and he has found that prior to a minimum
wage laws there was no discrepancy like
this so he put a lot of blame on the
minimum wage law once government gets
interfering this takes away
opportunities and I believe there is a
lot of truth to this because it
eliminates an opportunity and a chance
for a marginal worker so once again
though the economy is supported only
when you have a sound economy
perpetuated by government with sound
policies you have to have sound money
you have to have minimum taxes you have
to have you know wise foreign policy but
I have a bill in that might help a lot
of people black or white or whomever I
have a bill in that would immediately
help these people who are trying to get
a start that they would never have to
pay any taxes or payroll taxes that they
just happen to be a waiter or waitress
to give them a chance to get ahead and
get a good job thank you sir at around
back
if the next Congress passes
comprehensive immigration reform that
includes a path to citizenship will you
sign it or will you support sending the
12 million home I'm very sorry about I
didn't hear your last sentence because
of acoustics in the next Congress if the
next Congress passes immigration reform
that includes a path to citizenship will
you sign it or will you support sending
the 12 million home I would not sign a
bill like you described because it would
be construed and it would be amnesty and
I haven't supported am the state I also
think that it's pretty impractical to
get an army in this country to round up
12 or maybe 20 million but I do believe
that we have to stick to our guns on
obeying the law and anybody who comes in
here illegally shouldn't be rewarded and
that would be the case but I see the
immigration problem is a consequence of
our welfare state welfare because we
encourage people not to work here but
the welfare we offer the people who come
to get free medical care they get free
education they bankrupt our hospitals
our hospitals are closing and it should
not be rewarded that means that if you
don't round them up you don't reward
them you don't give them citizenship at
the same time you can't solve this
problem until you have you get rid of
the welfare state because in a healthy
economy immigrants wouldn't be a threat
to is there would probably be a desire
for more because we would be starved for
workers but today they have become
scapegoated because of the weak economy
and the lowering of our standard of
living thank you sir I start around back
name one reform senator that you would
endorse to assure young black and Latino
people in America that they will have
equal justice in America's courts a
system designed to protect individual
liberty will have no punishments for any
group and no no privileges today I think
inner city folks minorities are punished
unfairly in the war on drugs for
instance blacks make up fourteen percent
of those who use drugs yet thirty-six
percent of those arrested are blacks and
it ends up that sixty-three percent of
those who finally end up in prisons are
blacks this has to change we don't have
to have more courts and more prisons we
need to repeal the whole war on drugs it
isn't working
we're spending over four hundred billion
dollars since the early 70s and it's a
wasted money prohibition didn't work
prohibition on drugs doesn't work so we
need to come to our senses and
absolutely it's a disease we don't treat
alcoholics like this this is a disease
and we should orient ourselves to this
that is one way you could have equal
justice under the law Thank You
congressman